docs(control-api): add some notes for healthcheck API (#7184)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/control-api.md

}
```

:::note

> If the process hit by the API request does not trigger the health check, the API request will not obtain any health check data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As APISIX uses multiple-process architecture,  the health check information of an upstream might not appear until it is hit by a request handled in the current process.
```

}
```

> Note: If the process hit by the API request does not trigger the health check, the API request will not obtain any health check data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note

If the process hit by the API request does not trigger the health check, the API request will not obtain any health check data.

:::
```
